
-To run the file, download the entire folder 'frontend-nanodegree-mobile-portfolio' and change to the folder on command line, run 'npm install' so all the node modules are downloaded
- Run 'grunt' command. This command will execute the 'Gruntfile.js' which will produce optimized images and minified js and css files and save them in a folder called 'dist'.
- In a new terminal window (cmd + T), run this 'python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8080', this will make our website listen to port 8080
- Now in a new teminal window, run this 'ngrok http 8080' (or in some cases "./ngrok http 8080"), this will expose our website listeing to port 8080, to the internet. This makes it easy for us to measure the pagespeed (using https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/) without having to host the website.


To get the pagespeed score of index.html above 90
- Inlined CSS since above the fold content did not need style.css
- Used 'async' keyword for JS files so they are downloaded without waiting for CSSOM to be completed
- Used task runner grunt.js for a set of operations like
   * Image optimization (imagemin)
   * Js minification (uglify)
   * CSS minification (cssmin)
   * reducing image sizes (responsive images)
   * to expose the local webserver to internet (this was to test the pagespeed score on https://developers.google.com/speed/pagespeed/insights/ with the help of the link generated by ngrok)

To achieve  framerate of 60fps for Pizza.html

The framerate before optimization : 30fps

Category      Stage 1 time    Stage 2 time      Stage 3 time
Scripting     14.89ms         0.58ms            0.72ms
Rendering     14.57ms         2.40ms            2.20ms
Painting      3.62ms          4.43ms            2.6ms

Stage 1 optimization
Stage 1 was mainly concentrated on reducing the scripting time.
- I first reduced the number of pizza to be looped through at a time. Since not all of the 200 pizzas were not going to be displayed on the screen at a given time, i reduced it to 50, since that seemed like a safe number for lenghty mobile devices also.

Stage 2 optimization
- I replaced document.querySelector() with document.getElementsByClassName() or document.getElementById() depending on what suits best in that part of code
- There was way too many number of accesses (for every scroll) to DOM element in order to get the elements with class 'mover', I reduced it by declaring a global array variable and assigning it all the elements with 'mover' class when 'DOMContentLoaded' is invoked.
- Since the variable 'phase' was only holding one of the 5 values, I declared an array (phaseArray) and initialized each of the array element to one of the 5 possibilities (number % 5 is any number between 0 and 4). Now 'phaseArray' value is calculated only 5 times and the time is further reduced by calculating the 'scroller' only once per scroll as opposed to length of the pizzas earlier.
- Replaced the 'items[i].style.left' with 'items[i].style.transform'. Now the calculations involve 'phase' value of each element assigned when 'DOMContentLoaded' was invoked.

Stage 3 Optimization
- Applied 'backface-visibility: hidden' style to the 'mover' class (pizzas)
- In changePizzaSizes() function moved the calculation of new width outside the for loop since the calculations render the same value everytime.

